Update the vscode sample to make use of --remote (#66)
okteto/samples: vscode/README.md

Now start your Okteto Environment by running the following command:

```console
$ okteto up --remote 22000
 ✓  Okteto Environment activated
 ✓  Files synchronized
 ✓  Your Okteto Environment is ready
    Namespace: pchico83
    Name:      vote
    Forward:   8080 -> 8080
               22000 -> 22001

```

> The `okteto up` command will automatically start an Okteto Environment. It will also start a file synchronization service to keep your changes up to date between your local filesystem and your Okteto Environment. Last but least, it exposes a container ssh port to localhost:22000 to integrate with VS Code Remote SSH Development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `okteto up` command will automatically start an Okteto Environment. It will also start a file synchronization service to keep your changes up to date between your local filesystem and your Okteto Environment. Last but not least, it injects and starts a SSH server on your development environment to integrate with the [Visual Studio Code Remote - SSH extension](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/ssh).
```
